introduced known issues section for pcidevices controller (#675)
harvester/docs: docs/advanced/addons/pcidevices.md

This is just like installing drivers in the host. The PCI passthrough feature will bind the host device to the `vfio-pci` driver, which gives VMs the ability to use their own drivers. [Here is a screenshot](https://tobilehman.com/posts/suse-harvester-pci/#toc) of NVIDIA drivers being installed in a VM. It includes a CUDA example that proves that the device drivers work.

> ## Known Issues
> * [issue-6648](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/6648): In a cluster with multiple instances of the same device, it is possible for a VM to be scheduled to an incorrect node. 
> 
> The current implementation of the addon, publishes each device using a unique resource descriptor to the kubelet. If multiple `PCIDeviceClaims` of same device type exist within the cluster, the VM may be scheduled to an incorrect node as the unique resource descriptor will be same for all similar devices. To ensure device from the correct node is used, please use the `VM Scheduling` section and use `Run VM on specific node(s)`
> ![](/img/v1.4/vm/vm-scheduling.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Known Issues

* [Issue #6648](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/6648): A virtual machine can be scheduled on an incorrect node if the cluster has multiple instances of the same PCI device. 

The pcidevices-controller add-on currently uses unique resource descriptors to publish devices to the kubelet. If multiple `PCIDeviceClaims` of the same device type exist within the cluster, the same unique resource descriptor is used for these `PCIDeviceClaims`, and so the virtual machine may be scheduled on an incorrect node. To ensure that the correct device and node are used, select **Run VM on specific node** when configuring **Node Scheduling** settings.

![](/img/v1.4/vm/vm-scheduling.png)
```
